chore: timeout documentation (#718)
SAP/cloud-sdk: docs/js/features/odata/execute-odata-request.mdx

- `https://my.s4-system.com/service-path/MyEntity(key='123')` is the path of the original request URL built by the SAP Cloud SDK.
- `$format=json` is the query parameter.

### Setting a Custom Timeout

You can specify a timeout for the request via the `timeout()` method on the request builder:

<Tabs groupId="version" defaultValue="major" values={[ { label: 'SDK 2.x', value: 'major' }, { label: 'SDK 1.x', value: 'deprecated' } ]}>
<TabItem value="major">

```ts
const { myEntityApi } = myEntityService();
const httpResponse: HttpResponse = myEntityApi
  .requestBuilder()
  .getAll()
  .timeout(1000)
  .execute(destination);
```

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

> The value is in milliseconds and the default value is 10,000 milliseconds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The value is in milliseconds and the default value is 10000 (10 seconds).
```
The comma as seperator is correct but I find it weird to read. I would rather use `_` or no seperator (as it would be valid JS). Also milliseconds was mentioned before so I think it is sensible to write 10 seconds instead.

This timeout applies to the request send to the target system given in the destination.
If a `CSRF` token is fetched from the target system the timeout applies also to this call.
Note that there is also a second timeout option on the destination fetch options.

> This relates to the calls made to SAP BTP services like destination-service or XSUAA.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This relates to the calls made to SAP BTP services like `destination-service` or XSUAA.
```
